Add a in depth document how to configure search (#388)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/maintenance/b-r/backup.adoc

* metadata ^2^
* blobs ^2^

> (1) ... System data has, if not otherwise defined, a common root path which is the same root path as for metadata. Individual paths can be defined for particular services though. See the xref:deployment/general/general-info.adoc#base-data-directory[Base Data Directory] for more details. Also see the xref:conf-examples/search/configure-search.adoc[search configuration example]. If the search index does not get backuped, it needs to be recreated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(1) ... System data has, if not otherwise defined, a common root path which is the same root path as for metadata. Individual paths can be defined for particular services though. See the xref:deployment/general/general-info.adoc#base-data-directory[Base Data Directory] for more details. Also see the xref:conf-examples/search/configure-search.adoc[search configuration example]. If the search index does not get backed up, it needs to be recreated.
```
